[DOCS-13494] Add unified SDK advanced configuration cdocs page (#34948)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/mdoc/en/sdk/advanced_config/android.mdoc.md

<!--
This partial contains advanced configuration instructions for the Android SDK.
It can be included directly in language-specific pages or wrapped in conditionals.
-->

If you have not set up the SDK yet, follow the [in-app setup instructions][1] or see the [Android RUM setup documentation][2].

## Enrich user sessions

Android RUM automatically tracks attributes such as user activity, screens, errors, and network requests. See the [RUM Data Collection documentation][3] to learn about the RUM events and default attributes. You can further enrich user session information and gain finer control over the attributes collected by tracking custom events.

### Custom views

> In addition to [tracking views automatically][4], you can also track specific distinct views (such as activities and fragments) when they become visible and interactive in the `onResume()` life cycle. Stop tracking when the view is no longer visible. Most often, this method should be called in the frontmost `Activity` or `Fragment`:

Reviewer: Apparently, in Android dev, "lifecycle" is one word!

```suggestion
In addition to [tracking views automatically][4], you can also track specific distinct views (such as activities and fragments) when they become visible and interactive in the `onResume()` lifecycle. Stop tracking when the view is no longer visible. Most often, this method should be called in the frontmost `Activity` or `Fragment`:
```
